this is my second year headed to CES and
I am doing lots 175,000 people converge
on the Las Vegas Convention Center every
year see there's different halls there's
not just one big convention center
there's like three or four or five and
then everyone has events in the hotels
on the Las Vegas Strip things are busy
if you don't want to walk home
[Music]
there's plenty of tech plenty parties
and also a pre CES and this year I
partnered with Samsung TV to check out
what they have going on before the
action of CES okay we just got done with
the press conference so let's go ahead
and check out the micro LED the wall the
wall was released last year but I
haven't seen it
IRL and also let's check out the Q LED 8
this is a 146 inch the wall we saw this
last year but this year they announced
the brand new 75 inch and micro LED TV I
want to show you how they are modular
[Music]
moving that means that resolution can
scale as well you have the freedom of it
not only being a 4k TV but maybe up to
10 K maybe you want to fill an entire
wall or use it for smaller applications
the possibilities are kind of endless
with this and it's pretty pretty
exciting you could trick out your your
office your home your anything with as
many micro LED panels as possible what
would you use no budget
no budget I would like to see it like on
an entire wall I want it to be unique so
I wouldn't fill up just one rectangular
wall I would have it on like partial
wall and then wrap around a corner to
the other edge so it's like that would
be cool too you know you've seen those
perspective pictures I would do
something weird perspectively in the
corner of a roof
yeah so justin is a homie I'm a big fan
of not only your tech videos but you
also do cool lifestyle stuff you have a
dope apartment
I love the white it's static and stuff
but just if you could have any micro LED
setup in that beautiful Canadian
apartment of yours think what would it
be so the first thing it comes to mind
is my place has like no art at all so
maybe you have the micro LED TV take up
the entire wall the dining room so you
could change it up to change your mind
or me right here is the Q LED 8k and oh
my gosh talk about crispy I feel like
this is clearer than if I was actually
seeing this in real life somehow when it
comes to this Q LED 8k it's not just
about blue crystal clear 8k images
because you might ask well where is the
8k content so where Samsung comes in is
the technology behind the AI upscaling
so that means you can watch standard
definition video on an ake a TV and it's
gonna look good
standard definition HD 4k 8
you don't have to worry about it it's
all gonna look amazing crystal-clear and
beautifully you see this thing right
here is the quantum processor 8k this
little guy is what controls all of the
AI upscaling it's what optimizes the
sound for certain viewing conditions we
are living in the future 8k YouTube
videos coming to you soon this is the
new Samsung space monitor when I tweeted
this out it got a lot of attention
especially for at the low price tag for
what you get with the 32 and 27 inch
monitors so what's special about this
it basically takes up no space on your
desk
honestly I don't know how this wasn't a
thing sooner so basically you have this
hinge in the back that lays flat against
the wall you have all of your cables
running in the back of it you can put
your keyboard have some books out no
more clutter oh my goodness so this is
the 32 inch it's a 4k UHD model the 27
inches in 1920 by 1080 resolution
however the refresh rate is 144 Hertz so
you gamers out there at this 27-inch
might be for you
[Music]
day 1 of CES was all about capturing a
lot of tech I made a previous video that
maybe you've seen already it's gonna be
my top 5 or 7 or 10 or 20 there's so
much stuff here but CES is a four-day
conference I've already been here for
seven or eight days so you know whoo
what's cool about CG asses it's not
about just the dope tech that is here
but it's also about the people it's
about the booth the exhibits the
experiences and in addition to capturing
a lot of the cool products I'm gonna be
giving some talks so we have two that
are with some tech blogs the the classic
tech publisher people it's cool to see
youtubers in that world combined and
collabs that that will be a lot of fun
those will be panels the other thing
that I'm doing which is giving a proper
talk on a big stage with a big screen
telling my story and talking about the
tech that has been at the center of
everything along this journey that one
has a little bit more pressure attached
to it just because you know their slides
whenever their slides for some reason I
get nervous
anyways let's embark on this journey Oh
Sara peachy all dressed up there you got
a suit jacket going on that's when you
know I mean business
okay all these stages
backstages to them so I'm about to go on
[Music]
so this is the green room for my talk
that is the big top just me up there
with some slides talking to lots of
people I think there's a live stream
this is where it gets tricky cuz it's
hundreds if not thousands of people are
walking right behind the crowd and just
like a CES madness so hopefully I can
[Music]
what you have your you have your luggage
you don't even have your shoes yesterday
but something that you don't know about
CES maybe you do there's so many germs
there shaking a lot of hands you're
touching tech I was out of it for an
entire day I got back home and I slept I
slept all day but am I still nasally
anyways Jonathan I missed you I missed
you too
how do you feel about me leaving for Las
Vegas for so long it was really sad and
I felt really bad for you cuz it's Las
Vegas first of all but you always get
sick I know I don't get it
what's my problem it's why I don't like
you around people if you want to hang
out with me all day I know I missed you
more
I'm glad you're back hey guess what no I
have plans for our current samsung tv oh
I forgot to mention this in the video
but Samsung also announced a new cue led
8k that is 98 inches so this is roughly
98 inches okay good CES was fun it was
great so many things hopefully you've
kind of seen the full picture with the
past two videos I posted probably the
only thing you didn't see is there's a
lot of cool lunches and dinners with
people of all kinds other youtubers
other cool companies it's really just a
time for everyone come together and be
dorks together and talk tech oh but
Samsung TV thank you for partnering with
me on this video but also making the
trip to CES possible sure to check out
the links in the description below and
until next time guys stay peachy oh yeah
let me know if you like
video and have that subscribe button
down below if I said sit stay peachy
okay step peachy I'm on a lot of coal
beds so you know buddy
[Music]
you